[Applause]
Sid: Hello.
Sid Roth here.
Welcome to my world where
it's naturally supernatural.
My guest died, went to
Heaven, but was sent back with
revelation of the
invisible world.
Most Bible believers
don't have a clue.
Most non-believers
All the action is occurring
that's causing all the things
going on, good, bad or whatever
in your life from
the invisible world.
He even downloaded how to
have every one of
your prayers answered.
Anyone interested
in finding out?
[Applause]
Is there a
supernatural dimension,
a world beyond the one we know?
Is there life after death?
Do angels exist?
Can our dreams contain
messages from Heaven?
Can we tap into ancient
secrets of the supernatural?
Are healing miracles real?
Sid Roth has spent over 35 years
researching the strange world of
the supernatural.
Join Sid for this
edition of It's Supernatural!
[Applause]
Sid: Hello.
I'm here with my
friend Kevin Zadai,
and Kevin was having
a dental procedure.
He died.
He went to Heaven.
You didn't want to come back.
Kevin Zadai: No Sid, I did not.
I still can't understand how
beautiful Heaven is and how
different it is to be down here.
It's so slow.
I just can't understand.
Sid: What do you mean so slow?
Kevin Zadai: This realm is just
working so slow because it's a
fallen realm.
And so once you experience the
other realm you don't want to
come back.
I mean, there's no way
that you want to come back.
And so he did send me back.
He wanted me to teach people
about prayer and how it works,
and so that they
don't get disappointed.
But this realm is in
a slow mode to me.
It's everything slow.
Sid: Now I feel such a
strong presence of God as we're
speaking right now.
Let's just kind of jump into it.
What do we do?
What's the first thing we should
do to get our prayers answered
all the time?
Kevin Zadai: When
Jesus was talking to me,
Sid, he wanted me to come back
and tell people to be aware that
their prayers will be answered,
but they got to get on the same
page as him.
And so he has a
command about him,
and when he would talk he'd say
this is the way it is:
"We've had meetings without you.
We don't include you on
the planning part of it,
but this is the way it is and
if you will get on the same page
then you're going to have
all your prayers answered.
Everything you desire when
you pray if you believe,
you shall receive it."
That's what he told me.
Sid: You said that we have to
pray ourselves into our answer.
What does that mean?
Kevin Zadai: Well I saw,
Sid, that the Spirit of God was
standing by to coach us, and so
he was there to tell us exactly
what to say, what to pray for
and that he would give us in
advance glimpses of the future.
And so he was there to
help us pray into our future.
You see, Jesus told me, he said,
"I'm sitting here right now
looking at your future
because it's my now.
But it's your future, but you
can see it now if you will stay
with me in the secret place."
Sid: And that's
something that we've heard,
the secret place, but
what exactly is it,
how can we get there and
how can we stay there?
You look to me
like you stay there.
Kevin Zadai: Well
it's a safe place.
Trust me, if you came back to
a place that's not like Heaven
you're going to find the closest
place you can to God and that is
right in the secret place.
He showed me where it was and I
was amazed at how the Cherubim
are on each side of
God and they cover him.
He said, "Kevin, if you'll stay
right there in the secret place
of the most high, right
there under my wings,
which is the Cherubim
wings, then he said,
"all these things are yours."
And the verses 9
through 16 go through,
in Psalm 91 go
through those benefits.
But he said, "If you're not
making the most high your
dwelling place, if you're not in
the shadow of the most high then
these things, these
goodies," he said,
"are not for you because
you're not close enough to me."
Sid: You were telling me about
you have seen since you've been
back here on Earth, it's always
at times you can see what's
going on in the invisible realm.
You saw something
in New Orleans.
Tell me about that.
Kevin Zadai: Yes.
I wondered why the Lord had sent
me and my wife to New Orleans
because it's such a
hard city in many ways.
And so he told me, he
said, "Because I trust you."
And so we began
to pray thinking,
okay, well this
is our assignment.
So we spent a lot of time in
prayer and all of a sudden our
eyes started to be open to
what's going on around us.
And we would pray and spend time
with the Lord in long periods of
time and actually fast.
And our eyes were
open one night,
and saw these entities that
were coming from the city of New
Orleans, they were coming out
into the rural areas where we
lived.
And I had not seen
them until them,
but I could suspect it's like
some of the people at home would
know they could sense when
something is bothering them,
I saw three entities coming up
from New Orleans and I saw an
angel come and
visit in our house.
He grabbed me and he said, "I've
come in answer to your prayers."
He picked me up and he blew
those entities back to New
Orleans, back to the city.
And he said, "This is how we
take care of things
on our side."
And he dropped me, he put me
back on my feet and flew away,
and I thought, you know, what
else is going on that we don't
know about.
But I just want to speak to
the people out there right now
because I feel like a lot of you
are going through some things,
but you have to know that
the angels have been sent to
minister for you and to you, and
that they have come and answered
prayers.
The angel said to me, "I come in
answer to your prayers and we're
going to take care of this, and
this is how we take care of it.
And I'm telling you right now by
the Spirit of the Lord that this
show is for you.
I'm speaking to you because you
are going through some attacks.
And I'm telling you by the
Spirit of God that the angels
are going to be dispatched and
they are going to help you in
this fight, and not to give up
because the Lord is with you in
a great and mighty way."
[Applause]
Sid: I want to get in
that secret place 24/7,
so that among other things all
the promises of Psalm 91 are
going to be activated
in my life and
I want you to get there, too.
We'll be right back.
[Applause]
We'll be right back
to It's Supernatural!
We now return to
It's Supernatural!
[Applause]
Sid: I want to talk to you
about this invisible realm.
There are what you call momentum
breakers and you identify who
these momentum breakers are.
You call them assassins.
Explain.
Kevin Zadai: I explain it this
way because when I came back I
realized that I did not
distinguish that my enemy hated
me and wanted to take me out.
And I think as Christians we
lose our edge that there is an
enemy that hates us and we think
that somehow that he doesn't
really hate us, that he just
is misunderstanding and doesn't
understand what's going on.
But these demon spirits
that come after people,
they're momentum breakers.
What they do is if a Christian
starts to break through and
break away from the
system of this world,
they start to get
into a pace, I call it.
Jesus said that when you get
into a pace then you stay in
that pace for the race.
He said these enemies know that
if you continue in that pace
you're unstoppable.
So Jesus told me, he said
that these assassins come.
Their whole goal
is to take you out,
because Christians, he told
me, Christians have to start
realizing that these demons'
goal is to take you out and that
is why you need to be
sober-minded like Paul told
Titus.
And so I tell
people all the time,
listen, there's things that are
being sent out to you and they
are to trip you so that you
never get to that momentum that
breaks out.
And so that's what
Jesus sent me back for.
He said, "Tell the people that
they can break out and that the
devil is going to throw
everything he has to stop them,
but if they'll continue in
their pace they're unstoppable."
Sid: What are some of the areas
that these momentum breakers
that these are actual demons
whose job is to be an assassin.
They don't care if you die, they
want to stop you from having
that momentum that God has for
you to fulfill your destiny.
Kevin Zadai: Yes, sir.
I felt, Sid, that after, the
Anointing is strong right now
because this is some of
things that will happen.
You'll start to set
times aside to pray.
You'll start to say the right
things that the Lord is saying
to you and repeat them.
The angels start to come because
they are attracted to what's
written in your book.
So when you start
things..
Sid: The Book of Life.
Kevin Zadai: Yes.
So then these demons will come
and what they'll do is they'll
start to do things that will
show that your relationship with
God is not what you thought it
was because things will start
happening that are bad.
And the Lord said this has
nothing to do with me and my
relationship with them, that
these bad things are assassins
that are supposed defame.
They're sent to defame God.
So you think that because you
prayed and you started doing
things in a direction that it
just could increase the warfare,
and see, they want
you to back off.
The demons want you to back off.
Jesus said don't.
Keep pushing through, keep
in your pace and he said,
you'll gain
momentum and break out,
and there will be no demons.
[Applause]
Sid: In other words, what he's
saying to you and what you're
saying to them is don't give up.
That's the word for you.
Stop, don't give up.
Okay.
So you went to Heaven.
You saw the Book of Life.
What was that like seeing a
book that tells your whole life,
all the future?
Kevin Zadai: Yes.
I saw that Psalms
139:16 was absolutely true.
I saw that people's names were
on the bindings of the books and
they were the acts of
God through individuals,
and everybody has a book.
And I saw the angels are only a
sign to help people with their
books, and so most of the
time when people get in trouble
angels come and rescue them,
but that's not their main job.
Their main job is to
help you with your book.
So when you pray in tongues you
actually have the Spirit of God
reading your book
and your angels say,
hey, that sounds familiar.
That's the code words.
They're like military officers.
They'll just get
ignited and start to do that.
They'll just
accomplish the book.
So remember, angels are sent
back to do your book and there
is a book written about
you before you were born.
Sid: So if I'm
hearing you right,
what you are saying is there's a
book that has your whole life.
Nothing happens on Earth
unless a human speaks it and by
speaking in tongues your book,
you are speaking your
entire destiny.
That book is so specific.
You told me that you saw exact
amounts of money people
would make.
Explain that.
Kevin Zadai: Yes.
There was one of the books
was a friend of mine and he was
actually very wealthy as a young
man was going to make a large
amount of money
in this lifetime.
Jesus had it down to the penny.
He said, "This is what he'll be
worth when he passes away and
comes with me."
He said, "He's not
trained in the Spirit.
He's not speaking in tongues."
And so the Spirit of God is
not allowed to have utterance
through him, which means
that he's not reading his book.
His book says, okay,
this is what he showed me,
and Jesus pointed to the figure.
It was four times the amount
that he was going to make if he
didn't speak in tongues.
So if by speaking in tongues, it
increased his net worth in his
lifetime, four times, not
because he was focused on
riches, but because the Spirit
of God was leading him into all
truth, which in fact was God's
assignment for him to make money
for the Kingdom.
Sid: Jesus said there was a
number one way to get into the
Spirit.
What was that?
Kevin Zadai: He said it
was praying in tongues.
Sid: When he came back he
provoked everyone in my
audience, in the studio and
at home right now to jealousy.
He came back playing, he went to
having zero musical instruments,
he came back
playing nine instruments.
But then Jesus wasn't quite
happy the way he played the sax.
So Jesus gave him special
lessons to play the sax.
Did Jesus play that same sax
you're going play when
we come back?
Kevin Zadai: Yes he did and
he was really good at it.
[Applause]
Sid: Why am I feeling
such a presence of God?
I just heard a
word of knowledge.
There's someone with
a pain in your neck,
if you move your neck you'll
see that the pain is gone,
and in your head there's
like migraines or tumors.
And backs are being
healed right now,
and hips, fingers, arthritis.
Why did this just hit me?
I mean, the Spirit hit me
and then I just
started giving words.
And by the way, you are healed.
What's going on?
Kevin Zadai: I also feel
like joints are being healed,
and also I have the word
for kidneys and livers,
that there's healings going on
right now with blood issues and
it has to do with the
kidneys and the liver,
and there's somebody
who just got healed,
their eyesight just got healed.
Sid: Okay.
When we come back I'm going to
commission Kevin to play the
sax, the same type of
sax he saw Jesus play,
the way Jesus told him to play,
and I believe you're going to
prophesy with music
for specific people.
When you aim that
sax at the camera,
you at home are
going to get healed,
and when you aim that sax
at our studio audience,
who knows that's
going to happen.
I see what's going on with him.
Be right back.
[Applause]
We'll be right back
to It's Supernatural!
We now return to
It's Supernatural!
[Applause]
Sid: Now Jesus taught Kevin how
to play the sax the way Jesus
played it, but he also taught
you how to pray the way he
prayed.
What did he tell you?
Kevin Zadai: He told me that I
didn't have enough depth in my
prayers, that I didn't have
enough access to the depths of
my heart.
And he explained
it as this, Sid.
He said in Psalms 16, David
wrote that prophetically for me,
he said.
Jesus said that David wrote
that psalm and he memorized that
psalm because when he
was in the depths of Hell,
he said he that verse of
that psalm over and over again,
and he said, "I cleared away out
in that place for you and for
everyone, and Messiah to
pray from those depths."
He said, "I prayed myself out of
Hell because I had the Psalm 16
and I prayed that continually
and then the Holy Spirit came
and resurrected me."
He said, "When you pray, you
pray with that kind of fervency
where you know who you are
based on the scripture."
Because he said, "I had no
witness when I was down there.
I had no Holy Spirit help."
He said, "If the Father
had not given the command,
he said, "I would sit down
there until he gave the command
for me to be resurrected.
That's how much I trusted him."
He said, "That's
where you pray from.
You pray from those
depths, that trust."
Sid: And then he visits you
and taught you how to play.
But what kind of
sax did he have?
Kevin Zadai: It was interesting
because there are several types
of sax.
Sid: I think in terms of a
sax that's kind of curved.
Kevin Zadai: Yes.
And I have all of them.
But this particular one
he had was a soprano sax.
It was a beautiful gold
saxophone and I was sleeping at
the time, and I heard something.
So when I woke up he was
standing there and he had this
sax in his hands.
And he started to
play it over me,
because he sings songs
of deliverance over us.
But I found out that he was
playing this beautiful saxophone
over me and he took it away from
his mouth and handed it to me,
and he said, "You play."
And I go, "Lord, I
can't play like that."
He said, "That's because
you're doing it wrong."
He said, "Let me show you."
He said, "Stand up."
So I stood up, my
wife was still sleeping,
and I looked
around, and he goes,
"See all that
around you," he said,
"that's the Holy Spirit and
the presence and Glory of my
Father."
He said, "That's always there."
He said, "What's wrong is you're
not breathing in Heaven first."
He said, "Breathe that in first
and then blow it through your
horn and it will
work out just fine."
So I took a big breath and all
this gold air around me went
inside of me, and I put that
horn that he handed to me in my
mouth, and I blew, and it was
exactly like Jesus had played.
And so he taught
me that, he said,
"Everything you do, Kevin,
should be from the breath of
Heaven."
Sid: I am going
to stretch Kevin.
He has played instruments in
front of groups of people and
people have been
healed, been delivered.
But I want him to
do something else,
something that I don't believe
anyone has asked him
to do before.
I want him to take that same
type of saxophone he
saw Jesus play.
What is it called?
Kevin Zadai: Soprano saxophone.
Sid: A soprano sax, and I want
him to prophesy over selected
people in our studio
audience by not his mouth,
but by that golden
breath coming out of the sax.
And then I want you to look
at the camera and prophesy to
specific people at
home through that music.
And I believe we're going
to get amazing results.
Kevin Zadai: Yes.
Sid: I've heard of this before.
Now we're all
going to witness it.
Kevin, get that anointed
sax, take a deep breath of that
golden oxygen and play.
Kevin Zadai: Amen.
[Applause]
[instrumental music]
Sid: Next week on
It's Supernatural!
Randy Clark: Hello.
I'm Randy Clark.
I've seen thousands healed and
I know thousands more will be
healed through this program.
Whether you need healing for
yourself or you want to see
others healed,
this show is for you.
Join me on the next It's
Supernatural with Sid Roth and
get ready for your
healing breakthrough.
00:28:21,366 --> 00:00:00,000
♪♪♪